Add `logging::log` & `assert::assert_eq` to `prelude.sw` (#3916)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/introduction/standard_library.md

- [`std::option::Option`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/option.sw), an enum which expresses the presence or absence of a value.
- [`std::result::Result`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/result.sw), an enum for functions that may succeed or fail.
- [`std::assert::assert`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/assert.sw), a function that reverts the VM if the condition provided to it is `false`.

> - [`std::assert::assert_eq`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/assert.sw), a function that reverts the VM and logs if the condition `v1` == `v2` is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`std::assert::assert_eq`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/assert.sw), a function that reverts the VM and logs its two inputs `v1` and `v2` if the condition `v1` == `v2` is `false`.
```

- [`std::revert::require`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/revert.sw), a function that reverts the VM and logs a given value if the condition provided to it is `false`.
- [`std::revert::revert`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/revert.sw), a function that reverts the VM.

> - [`std::logging::log`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/logging.sw), a function that allows logging of arbitrary types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`std::logging::log`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/blob/master/sway-lib-std/src/logging.sw), a function that logs arbitrary stack types.
```
